Add docs about the new `napari-base` structure (#457)
napari/docs: docs/developers/coredev/packaging.md

Check {doc}`release` for more details about the conda-forge release process and maintenance tasks.
```

#### conda packaging split

We provide three different outputs in the conda package recipe:

> - `napari-base`: This is the package that ships the actual source and data. The runtime
>   requirements only include the basic functionality. This package is only recommended as a
>   dependency for plugins and other projects. End users should not need this, since it mostly
>   correspond to the "library layer" of `napari`

Reviewer: I think this was a little too "scary". I've suggested slightly softer language, below.

```suggestion
- `napari-base`: This is the package that ships the actual source and data. The runtime
  requirements only include the basic functionality. This package is recommended as a
  dependency for plugins and other projects. Most end users will prefer the `napari`
  package, below, but this one may be useful for those wanting a more minimal
  environment.
```

Author: Applied! Thanks!
